---
layout: default
img: teaching.jpg
category: Employment
title: TEACHING EXPERIENCE
description: Yue Hu's experience as a teaching assistant.
---

### 2015-2016

Instructor. Course: **Hello, R: A Introduction To R**, Iowa Social Science Research Center, University of Iowa ([slides](https://rpubs.com/sammo3182)).

### 2016

Instructor. Course: **Math Camp**, Department of Political Science, Univeristy of Iowa ([slides](https://rpubs.com/sammo3182/mathcamp), [syllabus](doc/syllabus_math_camp_2016.pdf)).

### 2015 Jan.-May
Teaching Assistant, instructor of discussion sections. Course: **Introduction to Political Behavior** (030:050), University of Iowa.

### 2014 Sep.-Dec.
Teaching Assistant, instructor of discussion sections. Course: **Introduction to Political Behavior** (030:050), University of Iowa.

### 2014 Jan.-May
Teaching Assistant, instructor of discussion sections. Course: **Introduction to Comparative Politics** (030:045), University of Iowa.

### 2013 Sep.-Dec.
Teaching Assistant, designing exams and leading lectures. Course: **Political Campaigning** (030:127); **Political Pschology** (030: 154), University of Iowa. U.S.A.

### 2013 Jan.-May
Teaching Assistant, instructor of discussion sections. Course: **International Relations** (POLI-315); **Comparative Politics** (POLI-316), University of South Carolina, U.S.A.

### 2012 Sep.-Dec.
Teaching Assistant, designing exams and leading lectures. Course: **Controversial World Politics** (POLI-101), University of South Carolina.
### 2012 Jan.-May
Teaching Assistant, designing exams and leading lectures. Course: **American National Government** (POLI-201); **Comparative Politics-Developing Countries** (POLI-380), University of South Carolina.

### 2011 Sep.-Dec.
Teaching Assistant, designing exams and leading lectures. Course: **National Security of United States** (POLI-342), University of South Carolina.

### 2010 Sep.-Dec.
Seminar Leader (GTA), designing and leading undergraduate seminars. Course: **Introduction to Political Science** (PSCI-100), University of Regina, Canada.