---
layout: default
category: Life
title: PERSONAL LIFE
description: Yue Hu's personal life
---

I was born in Tianjin, a beautiful port city of China.
It locates right at the "neck" if you picture the shape of the nation as a rooster (as shown in the left map), and quite near Beijing (only 80 miles away).
As the "Eastern Gate" of the capital, the city has served as an important political and economic center and transport hub since Ming Dynasty.
Quite a few famous politicians lived in here before or after their administrations in Beijing;
many profound events in domestic and foreign politics of China happened in this city.

Starting from exploring the political figures and stories of the city, I gradually developed an interest in politics and finally decided to push this personal interest up to a professional level by majoring political science in the college. 
In 2009, I got my Bachelor from Nankai University, the alma mater of two prime ministers of the P.R.China. 
The four years in Nankai provided me the first chance of learning the modern western political theories and scientific research methods.
During this time, I published my first couple of research articles about the Chinese political institutions and foreign policy in academic journals.

After that, I went to Canada and U.S.A. to learn more advanced political theories and researching approaches.
The passion led me to the Ph.D. program at the University of Iowa, where my interest in politics finally becomes a career to pursue. 
I found great gratification at the program and what I've experienced. 

In my leisure time, I enjoy exploring new places, trying novel things, and knowing various people.
The selected pictures following recorded some interesting moments of my lovely life.

